Privacy Policy – Homer Drive, LLC dba The Cheers App

This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 19, 2017.
  
Our Policy:
Welcome to Homer Drive, LLC dba The Cheers App web site (the “Site”) of Homer Drive, LLC dba The Cheers App (“Homer Drive, LLC”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”, The Cheers App, Cheers). This Privacy Policy sets forth Homer Drive, LLC’s policy with respect to information including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information that is collected from The Cheers App mobile application (“The Cheers App”) users and visitors to the corresponding The Cheers App web site found at www.thecheersapp.com.
 
Information We Collect:
When you interact with us through The Cheers App mobile application, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
 
Automatically Collected Information: When you use The Cheers App we automatically collect information about your mobile device or computer and your activities.  Such information includes the following:  the unique ID number of your mobile device, the geographic location of your mobile device while the app is active, the IP address of your computer, the technical information about your mobile device or computer (such as the type of device), the preferences and settings of your device (such as privacy preferences and time zone),  the amount of time you use The Cheers App and the features you use, and the active or inactive status of The Cheers App.
           
Voluntary Information:  During the sign up process for The Cheers App, we will require you to sign in via your Facebook account, your Google account, or by signing up using an email address.  By doing so, you are authorizing us to access certain Facebook and/or Google and/or email account information.  By allowing us to access your Facebook, Google, and/or email accounts, you understand that we will obtain your Facebook, Google, or email profile picture, name, Facebook or Google or email account email address, friends list and other personal data.
 
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to Homer Drive, LLC, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Homer Drive, LLC and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States.
           
Other Information:
 
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Homer Drive, LLC through the mobile application or site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, may be used to specifically identify you. Homer Drive, LLC may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Homer Drive, LLC affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of users/visitors on our mobile application/site.
                        
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of The Cheers App, Homer Drive, LLC often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Homer Drive, LLC may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents, business partners and other third parties. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Homer Drive, LLC may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
 
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information:
Homer Drive, LLC uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided.  If you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to The Cheers App, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services, to provide you with notifications and to monitor your use of such services. Homer Drive, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Homer Drive, LLC Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of The Cheers App, to better understand our users and to improve The Cheers App mobile application. Homer Drive, LLC and its affiliates and Partners may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you, such as upcoming Homer Drive, LLC or Partner updates. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.

If Homer Drive, LLC intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.
 
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information:
Homer Drive, LLC may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below (and as previously set forth above):
 
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. 
           
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
           
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Homer Drive, LLC, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases, etc. When we employ another party to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.           
 
Legal Requirements: Homer Drive, LLC may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Homer Drive, LLC, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Homer Drive, LLC, The Cheers App or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
           
           What We Do Not Share:  Homer Drive, LLC will not provide your name, address, email address, or phone number to third parties.
 
Exclusions:
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Homer Drive, LLC other than Personal Data collected through the Homer Drive,LLC application/site. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Homer Drive, LLC through the application/site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the application/site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Homer Drive, LLC shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
 
Children:
Homer Drive, LLC does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do NOT submit any Personal Data through the application or site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet/data usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on our application or Site without parental/guardian permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Homer Drive, LLC through the application or site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
 
Social Media:
Through the Site, you can choose to access certain social media websites and services that are owned and/or controlled by third parties (including, without limitation, Facebook, Twitter, and Youtube - such websites and services, collectively, the “Social Media Services”). When you elect to access and use the Social Media Services, you will be sharing your information (which will include personal information if you elect to share such information) with those Social Media Services. As with other Third Party Sites, the information that you share with the Social Media Services will be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service of the providers of such Social Media Services and not by the policies and procedures we describe here. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these Social Media Services to, for example, control what information the Social Media Services disclose to other entities, including Homer Drive, LLC.
 
Security:
Homer Drive, LLC takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the application/site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free.  Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Homer Drive, LLC via the Internet.
 
Other Terms and Conditions:
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Service.
 
Changes to Homer Drive, LLC’s Privacy Policy:
The Cheers App and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Homer Drive, LLC to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of The Cheers App after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
 
Contacting Homer Drive, LLC:
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Homer Drive, LLC’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of The Cheers Application or site.
 
You may contact us as follows:
 
 info@thecheersapp.com

